Add Inferentai2 and Optimum Neuron Support (#120)
aws/sagemaker-huggingface-inference-toolkit: README.md

* `output_fn(prediction, accept)`: overrides the default method for postprocessing, the return value `result` will be the respond of your request(e.g.`JSON`). The inputs are `predictions`, the result of the `predict()` method and `accept` the return accept type from the HTTP Request, e.g. `application/json`

## 🏎️ Deploy Models on AWS Inferentia2

The SageMaker Hugging Face Inference Toolkit provides support for deploying Hugging Face on AWS Inferentia2. To deploy a model on Inferentia2 you have 3 options:

> * Provide an already compiled model with a `model.neuron` file as `HF_MODEL_ID`, .e.g. `optimum/tiny_random_bert_neuron`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide `HF_MODEL_ID`, the model repo id on huggingface.co which contains the compiled model under `.neuron` format. e.g. `optimum/bge-base-en-v1.5-neuronx`
```
